Each Solid Tile has a corresponding array of 16 height values ranging from 0 to 16 pixels, inclusive.
They also have a width array for horizontal collisions, used when a horizontal sensor is checks the tile.

Each height value determines a pixel height from the bottom of the tile to the top.
Negative height values determine a height from the top of the tile to the bottom.

Each width value determines a pixel width from the right side of the tile to the left.
Negative width values determine a width from the left side of the tile to the right.

Solid Tiles contain a value which represents the angle of the slope that the Height Array creates.
If the angle value of the tile is 255, it is a flagged tile. Player objects will not set their
angle to the tile's angle, instead setting the angle to the Player's current angle snapped to the
nearest cardinal angle (0, 90, 180, or 270 degrees):
snapped_angle = (round(angle / 90) mod 4) * 90;
This flag applies commonly to full Block Solid Tiles (filled squares).

Some tiles are top-solid only, while others are fully solid. More will be added to this engine later.

An x/y position (anchor point) is checked, and if it finds a Solid Tile, it gathers information about
the tile. Sensors point in the cardinal directions, and behave the same in their respective directions.

The Sensor will read the height or width array of the Solid Tile in the Block it is checking.
For a vertical Sensor, subtract the tile's X position from the Sensor's X position to get a height.
For a horizontal Sensor, subtract the tile's Y position from the Sensor's Y position to get a width.
The result is the index of the array to use.

If a Sensor finds an empty Block or the array value of the tile found by the Sensor is 16 (full block),
then it's likely that the surface of the solid terrain is within an adjacent tile instead.

Here is how detection works (For example, consider a floor sensor):
NORMAL:
When the sensor finds a Solid Tile and the detected_height of the first tile is between 1 and 15,
doesn't need to check extra tiles at all, as the surface has been found.

REGRESSION:
When the anchor point finds a Solid Tile and the detected_height of the first tile is 16 (full),
it will check up by one extra Solid Tile. If a regression occurs and detected_height of the second
tile is 0 (or the Block is empty), it will just default to processing the first tile.

EXTENSION:
If the detected_height of the first tile is 0 (empty), it will check down by 1 extra Solid Tile.
If extension occurs and the detected_height of the second tile is 0, the game knows that no terrain
surface has been found, and will return the distance to the end of the second tile checked (16 to 32).

Once a final suitable tile has been found, information about the tile is returned:
- The distance from the Sensor pixel to the surface of the Solid Tile found (in the Sensor's direction)
- The angle of the tile found
- The tile index

The distance can either be 0, negative, or positive.
0 means the Sensor is just touching the Solid Tile surface and the object won't need to move.
Negative indicates that the object is inside the solid and can be pushed out.
Positive distances are usually, but not always, unused.

